all right here is the axial that I just
got today I've been working on it for a
while I put the 330 ounce torque
titanium servo him gear servo it's
waterproof up front and all metal links
it was an RTR as you can see by the
green paint job Trail ready honcho got
the 2.2 rock locks on there some pretty
good articulation out of it actually
really good I lifted it about three
quarters of an inch so quite a bit trim
just about just a hair off the off the
fenders a piece lying around here but a
good front wait nine ounces in each tire
here six in the back you pick it up from
the center and the battery and the tray
still missing to you from the front so
you got to pick it up from the center
and it stays pretty pretty good forward
way so should be pretty good it's it's
kind of high a little top-heavy but I
don't think it's going to be too bad i
can set it way up like this doesn't tip
over so
should be good that's a new shock to the
front four and a half in jerz stock ones
in the back new ones are coming I
ordered a bunch of stuff with it all
aluminum drag links and tie rod and I
got the aluminum pot racing hi steer
steering knuckles up front as usual the
thing really has some good standards
throw to it here's a really sharp we're
just pretty surprised about that but um
so it's lifted good you got the aluminum
links underneath the bottom ones in the
back are still plastic because I ran out
of eyelets and I put metal balls and and
because they come with plastic balls and
everything and it's real just floppy and
crappy I got a little Drive lines come
in the rears for link now it right here
it's for link instead of three link
front still y3 link just leave it that
way but uh so it's going to be all
aluminum blue links
I got the I got the wench a little light
that work I cut a hole right here and
then aluminum for the winch worked out
really well I have this really
SuperDuper strong servo a tape that I
bought at fred meyer 3m makes it nice
never found it anywhere else but fred
meyer carries it's a two sided sticky
tape take a file and rough up the
classic real good it's meant to stick to
metal and it's like it's a 10 pound per
square inch hold so basically what's on
here is a little more than a square inch
so it will hold about that's about 15
pounds you can you can lift the whole
truck up by this with just the tape
sticking it on I don't even have it
bolted up it's stuck on there with two
sides two sided sticky tape so and you
can get it off you just has prime any
thick and get it up but I love that
stuff I use it for everything so that
when just mounted up real good got the
rooster crawler esc going to go on there
tomorrow I've got the aluminum tranny
coming I never blue anodized tranny blue
anodized it's going to be a gold
aluminum
spur gear so we call it or whatever and
then i have the aluminum adapter plate
that goes on here that's going to be
blue that's all from hot racing makes
all that stuff new drive lines are
coming nu shaak hoops blue blue I think
aluminum the other aluminum shock hoops
come in for all around so I'm going to
throw those on there should be in the
mail sometime soon and new rear shocks
some something similar to these ones i'd
like to get all blue shocks around but i
spent enough money already i think so
just gonna put some longer cheapo rear
shocks on there for now get them up here
around where they're supposed to be i
just drilled a new hole there that I got
the servo the winch is all on there hi
steer
I went with an axial yep I did damn
shame i know but i really like it i
think it's a pretty sweet truck and so
let me know what you think just kind of
throwing it out there see what you guys
think of it there should be next video
will be in action see you know she's up
capable of
pretty sweet looking rig I'm going to
sell these tires by the way and it's got
a little red LEDs back here too that's
pretty cool and here's the floor length
bar that came with that I bolted on ok
but anyways I'm going to sell these flat
irons I have five of them and i'm gonna
sell all this stuff is a stop speed
control stock servo to metal gear servo
it's like 120 ounces of torques nothing
too crazy but pretty good little servo
stock motor brand-new nothing no this
stuff's been run I even had batteries in
it or nothing plugged in anything have
faced up to wire Dean's on so a bunch of
light buckets and lenses to lenses to
light buckets or like three light bucket
trees all sorts of different light
buckets and like the PA see there and
it's got the ones that say axial on we
got oval ones and all sorts of different
ones so anybody's interested give me a
shout there's a servo saver so receiver
radio esc and a servo with Cyril horns
and some links darrellon links will come
with it as well stuffs all in one big
pile going together it's on ebay right
now for 45 bucks I said I want for it so
I think it's a pretty good deal for a
whole electronic setup I mean it's
everything you need to run a vehicle
servo ESC radio receiver
yeah so if you want it let me know 45
bones thanks for watching let me know
what you think of the new rig later